README.md, before:

# PALM: Pre-training an Autoencoding&Autoregressive Language Model for Context-conditioned Generation (EMNLP 2020)
## CNN-DM Data
- [CNN Stories](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0BwmD_VLjROrfTHk4NFg2SndKcjQ)
- [DailyMail Stories](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0BwmD_VLjROrfM1BxdkxVaTY2bWs)
<!--## Url lists
```
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/artmatsak/cnn-dailymail/master/url_lists/all_train.txt
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/artmatsak/cnn-dailymail/master/url_lists/all_test.txt
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/artmatsak/cnn-dailymail/master/url_lists/all_val.txt
```
-->
## Make datafiles
```
python -m utils.make_datafiles /datadrive/cnn/stories /datadrive/dailymail/stories
```
## BPE preprocess
```
wget -N 'https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/fairseq/gpt2_bpe/encoder.json'
wget -N 'https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/fairseq/gpt2_bpe/vocab.bpe'
wget -N 'https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/fairseq/gpt2_bpe/dict.txt'

sh scripts/bpe_preprocess.sh
```

## Binarize dataset
```
sh scripts/preprocess.sh
```

## Model Training
```
sh scripts/palm-train.sh
```

## Reference
- [CNN-DM Data](https://github.com/abisee/cnn-dailymail)

Commit message:

modified:   README.md 	new file:   arch.png 	modified:   scripts/palm-train.debug.sh 	modified:   src/criterions/label_smoothed_cross_entropy_with_masked_lm.py 	modified:   src/models/palm.py

README.md, after:

# Introduction
Source code for the paper: **PALM: Pre-training an Autoencoding&Autoregressive Language Model for Context-conditioned Generation** (Accepted by EMNLP 2020)
![](./arch.jpg)

# Dependecies
- FairSeq version >= 1.0.0
- PyTorch version >= 1.0.0
- Python version >= 3.6

# Downloads
## Download [CNN-DM Data](https://github.com/abisee/cnn-dailymail)
- [CNN Stories](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0BwmD_VLjROrfTHk4NFg2SndKcjQ)
- [DailyMail Stories](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0BwmD_VLjROrfM1BxdkxVaTY2bWs)
<!--## Url lists
```
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/artmatsak/cnn-dailymail/master/url_lists/all_train.txt
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/artmatsak/cnn-dailymail/master/url_lists/all_test.txt
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/artmatsak/cnn-dailymail/master/url_lists/all_val.txt
```
-->
## Make datafiles
```
python -m utils.make_datafiles /datadrive/cnn/stories /datadrive/dailymail/stories
```
## BPE preprocess
```
wget -N 'https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/fairseq/gpt2_bpe/encoder.json'
wget -N 'https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/fairseq/gpt2_bpe/vocab.bpe'
wget -N 'https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/fairseq/gpt2_bpe/dict.txt'

sh scripts/bpe_preprocess.sh
```

## Binarize dataset
```
sh scripts/preprocess.sh
```

# Train without the pre-trained model
```
sh scripts/palm-train.sh
```
<!--# Evaluate on the CNN-DM test dataset-->
<!--# Get pre-trained models from scrach-->

# Acknowledgments
We extended [Fairseq](https://github.com/pytorch/fairseq) to support PALM by adding *Auto_Encoding_Regressive* task, *PALM* model and *Label_Smoothed_Cross_Entropy_with_Masked_LM* criterion.

# Citation
Please cite as:
```
@article{bi2020palm,
  title={PALM: Pre-training an Autoencoding\&Autoregressive Language Model for Context-conditioned Generation},
  author={Bi, Bin and Li, Chenliang and Wu, Chen and Yan, Ming and Wang, Wei},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2004.07159},
  year={2020}
}
```
